joko guild wars 2 friends already today
again 12 video on a channel as if
we have not had enough of it today
had
There was a small one today
tuesday patch and with this patch
have that but can take a look
I got wings with this patch came
already in the wardrobe before
Visible new wing skins into the game
so you can your back part
Indent object over the chin and if
you are a blended you see these totally
awesome big wings so if
hindsight has been reluctant to say
no we do not want to captain guilds
because there are clipping errors then
I do not know what he thought
I would say guild capes
I was alone from the
movement from the whole mechanic
You can also see how you see it
run wonderfully without it too and
Of course, looks natural is like
always jewelry and gimmick as I said
costs 500 games but is only today
Available only for 24 hours
These wings are only available for 24 hours
They will be back in the game from time to time
be available and then stop too
really only for a very short time
in the context of offered the cpp and who
This wing wants to have the wings
should now admonish gm too
gold exchange rates are currently one
disaster due to the wings
Of course it is actually one
a bit more worthwhile that's for
to make real money
that is not so expensive then
Do you have this skin for your wardrobe
unlocked and can be used anytime
your backs share with your chin if
he wants that
and if that's too mainstream for you then
but the back part fades so long
until nobody runs around with it because of it
it is mainstream and because the
People realize that the wings are him
damn a lot of sight in the game block
however, this will be the third on the 10th
then change again on the 10th
yes, the camera patch should be called it
But with her then a collision
system is overworked like ours
camera therefrom in
have held on when they are behind us
placed and blocked by objects
will still contain life still understand
after one of the party right on
to run
but he did not last long
now with the new camera feature
we have the possibility both in the
ego-perspective to go as well over
the shoulder perspective maybe too
to fix the camera in a different way
that he as special screenshots
possible is the possibility in
can attack beautiful own
see the topic to do together with
his g this in his friends the
are all aggressive here both and
You see the wings are clattering
with the partially still running
a little bit around but it's just bling
bling in this game what you play in the game
shop can buy it for the most part
bling bling or helping one's bank
to expand a bit so you can do more
it can carry around with and
Who does not bling bling yes
actually plays in the rarest
case wars 2 because either you get up
archive with bling bling or on skins
that is the core and I wish
Have fun with it now
we will be back next time